[admin](Adding descriptions) (#1670)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/tutorials/outlook-tutorial.md

---
title: 'Tutorial: Build a message compose Outlook add-in'

> description: 'In this tutorial, you'll build an Outlook add-in that inserts GitHub gists into the body of a new message.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'In this tutorial, you will build an Outlook add-in that inserts GitHub gists into the body of a new message.'
```
